The land above your village
How to sell
It's you bastards again
I said I won't sell it, how dare you come?
Go away, go away fellow fellow
What's going on?
It is estimated that he was forced by the beasts of Ocean Land
Fellow, please calm down first.
We are not from the sea property
Didn't you change this place?
Uh we have a project here
Spotted this land
Want to buy it
Buy it as a playground
This is our project manager.
Ah, that's right.
I am the project manager of Feilong Group
Please take a look.
You are the fat cartel that makes amusement parks
Yeah, yeah, yeah, playground.
So fellow, look at the land above you.
Sell
I can't decide this.
I'll take you to the village chief
Mr. Ye, Mr. Xu
Don't worry.
Land thing
I have a meeting tonight to inform everyone
Try to help you settle down
Thanks a lot
Thank you for what?
Thank you, you should also thank you
70,000 one
More than the sea estate, that bastard
30,000 want to buy our house
Wang Shao
When are you going to help me vent my anger?
That Ye Fan should be
gold
These two days we will meet tomorrow
In this city of joy
Hahahaha
Hello
What!
Something happened on the ground